########
# DOCS #
########

Description:
------------
A mobile container manages common technical concerns and provides them transparently to the components.
It serves as a wrapper module where other managed components live in, they request technical services 
from the container or information about its context.
So Mobile Containers reduce the cost of developing applications because technical concerns need not to 
be addressed repeatedly, what simplifies the debugging- and designing-processes.


GET STARTED WITH MOBRAY:
------------------------
1. Change the file "default.properties" to your system-configuration
- Change APPLICATIONDIR in the file "default.properties" to the directory of your new application
- Change APPLICATIONNAME in the file "default.properties" to the name of the source-code of the template 
2. "ant framework", to build the framework
3. "ant transformer", to build the transformers
4. "ant mobray" to build the example-application "MobRay"
5. "ant mobray.server.start" to start a demo-server, that runs the server-side application logic of MobCon
6. In another window "ant mobray.mobile.start" to start a demo-mobile
7. Launch the application on mobile
8. Enter your name and password "pwd"
9. Test the application


USAGE FOR YOUR PROJECTS:
------------------------
1. change the file "default.properties" to your system-configuration
- Change APPLICATIONDIR in the file "default.properties" to the directory of your new application
- Change APPLICATIONNAME in the file "default.properties" to the name of the source-code of the template 
2. "ant newapp" to create a directory-structure for your new application in dir APPLICATIONDIR. Application "helloworld" is copied to this directory
3. "ant framework" compiles and jars the framework
4. "ant transformer" jars the transformer-plugins, copies them to APPLICATIONDIR/lib/plugins and creates the documentation of the transformers
5. "ant application" generates, compiles and jars the server- and client-side of the application in APPLICATIONDIR, with name APPLICATIONNAME
6. (Optional, if a server-side part of your application exists) "ant applicaiton.server.start" to start a demo-server, that runs the server-side application logic of MobCon
7. In another window "ant application.mobile.start" to start a demo-mobile emulated from WTK
8. "ant cleanapp" cleans compiled application classes


dir-structure:
--------------

transformer
|
|---application (first sample application mobcon)
|
|---framework (mobcon source files)
|
|---transformers (transformers for technical concerns are here)

